
1,
Thanks for the introduction
Hi everyone, I'm Levente from Data Revolution
I'll tell you some details of our new group

Sooo, -->

2,
 who are we?

we came from different fields, some have academic background, others work in fintech or IT
we are biologists, BI analysts, dataware house specialists, or devops engineers

-->

3,
we've chosen our path, it's datascience
and we use the python language and libraries when the time comes to implement a solution

-->

4,
so, I should have started with the why....
we believe that as a team member you can reach your goals faster and easier with us

-->

5,
besides you can boost your commitment, keep motivated
share your wins and struggles, or ask for help
so besides these benefits, you learn how to work as a team player and use the modern collaboration tools (e.g. GitHub, Slack, Jupyter notebooks)

--->

6,
About our "methods"
we derived from Pylvax, the beginner friendly python workshop series      HANDS UP WHO WAS THERE AT LEAST ONCE?  .... GREAT!
I visited the events about 3 years ago,
these days the project is sleeping (it's a chance for anybody!!)

--->

7,
we emphasize practice over theory, learning by doing
although at the same time we know that at an advanced level you have to study the details, what's hiding under the hood


--->

8,
we don't have any sponsors (yet, it's another opportunity!!)
we are enthusiastic individuals, everybody has a job and nobody works as a professional data scientist
there isn't a leader in our tribe, like at meetup.com: every live event has one or more hosts

we are working on kinda "curriculum" but we're at the beginning of our journey
our common goal is to learn the basics and then start some fun (but real) projects in MachineLearning, or BigData, or whatever
 
--->

9,
so if you share the same values, wants to learn, get and give back to a community,
come and join us! let's grow together!
we gather every week on saturday afternoon in the inner city

every event has a topic and some requirements, be prepared!

also between saturdays we are on Slack and discuss the important and less important aspects of life :)
there are members between you, beware and ask us anything ;) thanks for your time! 







 

